Ada Lovelace
AdaLovelace.jpeg
The intellectual, the moral, the religious seem to me all naturally bound up and interlinked together in one great and harmonious whole.
I am more than ever now the bride of science. Religion to me is science, and science is religion.
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal; as time will show.
In almost every computation a great variety of arrangements for the succession of the processes is possible, and various considerations must influence the selections amongst them for the purposes of a calculating engine.
It may be desirable to explain, that by the word operation, we mean any process which alters the mutual relation of two or more things, be this relation of what kind it may. This is the most general definition and would include all subjects in the universe.
Imagination is the Discovering Faculty, pre-eminently. It is that which penetrates into the unseen worlds around us, the worlds of Science.
As soon as I have got flying to perfection, I have got a scheme to make a thing in the form of a horse with a steam engine in the inside so contrived as to move an immense pair of wings, fixed on the outside of the horse, in such a manner as to carry it up into the air while a person sits on its back.
I am much pleased to find how very well I stand work and how my powers of attention and continued effort increase.
Thus not only the mental and the material but the theoretical and the practical in the mathematical world, are brought into more intimate and effective connection with each other.
The science of operations, as derived from mathematics more especially, is a science of itself, and has its own abstract truth and value.
Owing to some peculiarity in my nervous system, I have a perception of some things, which no one else has; or at least very few, if any... I can throw rays from every quarter of the universe into one vast focus.
One essential object is to choose that arrangement which shall tend to reduce to a minimum the time necessary for completing the calculation.
Understand well as I may, my comprehension can only be an infinitesimal fraction of all I want to understand.
Mathematical science shows what is. It is the language of unseen relations between things. But to use and apply that language, we must be able to fully appreciate, to feel, to seize the unseen, the unconscious.
We may say most aptly, that the Analytical Engine weaves algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
I must tell you what my opinion of my own mind and powers is exactly … I believe myself to possess a most singular combination of qualities exactly fitted to make me preeminently a discoverer of the hidden realities of nature.
I was rather foolish in saying that I did not like arithmetic and to learn figures when I did - I was not thinking quite what I was about. The sums can be done better, if I tried than they are.
I do not believe that my father was (or ever could have been) such a Poet as I shall be an Analyst; (& Metaphysician); for with me the two go together indissolubly.
If you can’t give me poetry, can’t you give me poetical science?
I never am really satisfied that I understand anything; because, understand it well as I may, my comprehension can only be an infinitesimal fraction of all I want to understand about the many connections and relations which occur to me.
The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be.
Religion to me is science and science is religion.
A new, a vast, and a powerful language are developed for the future use of analysis, in which to wield its truths so that these may become of more speedy and accurate practical application for the purposes of mankind than the means hitherto in our possession have rendered possible.
I am quite thunder-struck at the power of the writing. It is especially unlike a woman’s style surely; but neither can I compare it with any man’s exactly.
The purpose which that engine has been specially intended and adapted to fulfill, is the computation of nautical and astronomical tables.
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal; as time will show.
If you can’t give me poetry, can’t you give me poetical science?
I never am really satisfied that I understand anything; because, understand it well as I may, my comprehension can only be an infinitesimal fraction of all I want to understand about the many connections and relations which occur to me, how the matter in question was first thought of or arrived at…
Religion to me is science and science is religion.
The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be.
Your best and wisest refuge from all troubles is in your science.
The science of operations, as derived from mathematics more especially, is a science of itself, and has its own abstract truth and value.
Imagination is the Discovering Faculty, pre-eminently. It is that which penetrates into the unseen worlds around us, the worlds of Science.
Mathematical science shows what is. It is the language of unseen relations between things. But to use and apply that language, we must be able to fully to appreciate, to feel, to seize the unseen, the unconscious.
As soon as I have got flying to perfection, I have got a scheme about a steam engine.