J. K. Rowling
JKRowling.jpeg
It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but even more to stand up to your friends.
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
...people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.
You sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here!
There is no good or evil: only power and those too weak to seek it.
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young. 
The consequences of our actions are so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Achievable goals are the first step to self improvement.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love.
The ones that love us never really leave us. You can always find them, in here.
To have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.
You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!
Oh, to be young and feel love's keen sting.
When you have seen as much of life as I have, you will not underestimate the power of obsessive love.
No story lives unless someone wants to listen. The stories we love best do live in us forever.
Love as powerful as your mother’s for you, leaves its own mark.
We can’t choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
But you know, happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don’t recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble?
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
Fear of a name only increases fear of the thing itself.
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth.
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn’t mean we all have.
You're a little scary sometimes, you know that? Brilliant...but scary.
We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are.
I am what I am, an' I'm not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,' my ol' dad used ter say, 'there's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth botherin' with.
If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
When in doubt, go to the library.
I always said he was mental. Brilliant and everything, but cracked.