John Green
JohnGreen.jpeg
What is the point of being alive if you don’t at least try to do something remarkable?
...myopia. He was nearsighted. The future lay before him, inevitable but invisible.
You can see into the future if you have a basic understanding of how people are likely to act.
You don’t remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.
The future will erase everything—there’s no level of fame or genius that allows you to transcend oblivion. The infinite future makes that kind of mattering impossible.
There’s a place in the brain for knowing what cannot be remembered.
If the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it.
I thought being an adult meant knowing what you believe, but that has not been my experience.
He liked all books, because he liked the mere act of reading, the magic of turning scratches on a page into words inside his head.
It always shocked me when I realized that I wasn’t the only person in the world who thought and felt such strange and awful things.
At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid, and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved.
That didn’t happen, of course. Things never happened the way I imagined them.
I just did some calculations and I've been able to determine that you're full of shit.
You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
At some point we all look up and realize we are lost in a maze.
We are as indestructible as we believe ourselves to be.
Scared isn't a good excuse. Scared is the excuse everyone has always used.
Entropy increases. Things fall apart.
We are greater than the sum of our parts.
That's who you really like. The people you can think out loud in front of.
I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.
When the guy died, you said maybe all the strings inside him broke, and then you just said that about yourself.
When I’ve thought about him dying ... I always thought of it like you said, that all the strings inside him broke.
As long as we don’t die, this is gonna be one hell of a story.
All those paper people living in their paper houses, burning the future to stay warm.
I’ve lived here for eighteen years and I have never once in my life come across anyone who cares about anything that matters.
It is easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.
What a treacherous thing it is to believe that a person is more than a person.
That’s always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people would want to be around someone because they’re pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste.
Yeah, I know. I’m not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is.
Everyone demented with the mania of owning things. All the things paper-thin and paper-frail.
My two remaining strategies are either to purchase a prom date on the Internet or fly to Missouri and kidnap some nice corn-fed little honeybunny.
For a while, I was really worried that maybe she had like really left, but then I went into her locker ... and she still has all her pictures up and everything.
Someone needs to tell him that while it is possible to get smacked down, and it is also possible to get a smackdown, it is not possible to get ‘smackdown.’
The good news is that we will be stopping. The bad news is that it won’t be for another four hours and thirty minutes.
She is the only person I know who’s not, like, grown up who has total elegance.
This is exciting! We’re like under-provisioned pioneers! I wish we had more money, though.
