J. R. R. Tolkien
JRRTolkien.jpeg
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
I cordially dislike allegory in all its manifestations, and always have done since I grew old and wary enough to detect its presence.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
It's a job that's never started that takes the longest to finish.
Little by little, one travels far.
The Hobbits are just rustic English people, made small in size because it reflects the generally small reach of their imagination.
Nearly all marriages, even happy ones, are mistakes: in the sense that almost certainly (in a more perfect world, or even with a little more care in this very imperfect one) both partners might be found more suitable mates. But the real soul-mate is the one you are actually married to.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
It's a dangerous business going out your front door.
All that is gold does not glitter; not all those that wander are lost.
One Ring to rule them all, one Ring to find them, one Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
His house was perfect, whether you liked food, or sleep, or work, or story-telling, or singing, or just sitting and thinking, best, or a pleasant mixture of them all.
Many that live deserve death. And some die that deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then be not too eager to deal out death in the name of justice, fearing for your own safety. Even the wise cannot see all ends.
I wish life was not so short,' he thought. 'Languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.
I regret to announce that this is the end. I'm going now. I bid you all a very fond farewell.
May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
I give you the light of Eärendil, our most beloved star. May it be a light for you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
My heart tells me that he has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before the end; and when that comes, the pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many - yours not least.
I wonder if people will ever say, 'Let's hear about Frodo and the Ring.'
You've left out one of the chief characters - Samwise the Brave. I want to hear more about Sam. Frodo wouldn't have got far without Sam.
But in the end it’s only a passing thing, this shadow; even darkness must pass.
Don’t adventures ever have an end? I suppose not. Someone else always has to carry on the story.
I will take it. I will take the Ring to Mordor...though I do not know the way.
It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.
I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor.
There is only one Lord of the Ring, only one who can bend it to his will. And he does not share power.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.