Katherine Johnson
KatherineJohnson.jpeg
In math, you're either right or you’re wrong.
Everything is physics and math.
I felt most proud on the success of the Apollo mission.
Like what you do, and then you will do your best.
We were the pioneers of the space era. You had to read Aviation Week to find out what you’d done.
If you’re prepared and the opportunity comes up, it’s your good fortune to have been in the right place at the right time and to have been prepared for the job.
Girls are capable of doing everything men are capable of doing. Sometimes they have more imagination than men.
We needed to be assertive as women in those days – assertive and aggressive – and the degree to which we had to be that way depended on where you were.
The women did what they were told to do. They didn’t ask questions or take the task any further. I asked questions; I wanted to know why. They got used to me asking questions and being the only woman there.
They just said, ‘If she says it’s right, it’s right’ because the guys didn’t do the work. I did it.”
You lose your curiosity when you stop learning.
I always knew how many of everything there were. Things were there and could be counted and accounted for, and so that's what I did.
It's not every day you wake up with a mission in your mind, but I had a mission and I was determined to accomplish it.
I like to learn. That's an art and a science.
I see a picture right now that's not parallel, so I'm going to go straighten it. Things must be in order.
I found what I was looking for at Langley. This was what a research mathematician did. I went to work every day for 33 years happy. Never did I get up and say I don't want to go to work.
I didn't want anything to happen and it didn't.
You had a mission and you worked on it. And it was important to you to do your job. And play bridge at lunch.
I finished the report and my name went on it, and that was the first time a woman in our division had her name on something.
If you attack the problem right, you'll get the answer.
I don't have a feeling of inferiority. Never had. I'm as good as anybody, but no better.
I counted everything. I counted the steps to the road, the steps up to church, the number of dishes and silverware I washed... anything that could be counted, I did.
Go see 'Hidden Figures,' and take a young person! It will give a more positive outlook on what is possible if you work hard, do your best, and are prepared.
I was excited at something new, always liked something new, but give credit to everybody who helped.
Take all the courses in your curriculum. Do the research. Ask questions. Find someone doing what you are interested in! Be curious!
We will always have STEM with us. Some things will drop out of the public eye and will go away, but there will always be science, engineering, and technology. And there will always, always be mathematics.
Everything was so new – the whole idea of going into space was new and daring. There were no textbooks, so we had to write them.
Let me do it. You tell me when you want it and where you want it to land, and I'll do it backwards and tell you when to take off.
If you want to know you ask a question. There's no such thing as a dumb question, it's dumb if you don't ask it.
I was always around people who were learning something. I liked to learn.
Our teachers made such a difference - all my teachers and professors were very supportive and nurturing.
Men don't pay attention to small things.
I didn't do anything alone but try to go to the root of the question and succeeded there.
I had a very, very interesting childhood, but, oh my, education was the primary focus in our family.
Everybody was concerned about them getting there. We were concerned about them getting back.